README.md, before:

# bundler-performance-benchmark

## Why
Showing numbers means nothing if you can't back it up. This is a joint effort between all bundlers involved to create a fair and unbiased set of benchmarks for build and size performance. 

## How to Run
* Clone repo
* run `yarn`
* run `yarn build:webpack && yarn build:parcel`
* Run again for cache times

### Single Entry, Production, Medium Graph, JS Only

|     bundler    | version              | build time | build time w/ cache | bundle size | config LOC |
|:--------------:|----------------------|------------|---------------------|-------------|------------|
| webpack        | webpack/webpack#next |    340ms   |         184ms       |    5.72kb   |      15    |
| parcel-bundler | 1.2.1                |    1.78s   |         473ms       |  21.094kb   |      0     |
|                |                      |            |                     |             |            |

### [Parcel Recipes (Preact)](https://parceljs.org/recipes.html#preact)

|     bundler    | version              | build time | build time w/ cache | bundle size | config LOC  |
|:--------------:|----------------------|------------|---------------------|-------------|-------------|
| webpack        | webpack/webpack#next |    1172ms  |         700ms       |    9.69k    |      20     |
| parcel-bundler | 1.2.1                |    1270ms  |         266ms       |  11.560kb   |      5      |
|                |                      |            |                     |             |             |

## Help Wanted
Need help organizing and setting up multiple real world scenarios for all bundlers to run. 

Feel free to checkout existing example or optimize the workflow via PR.

Commit message:

make the output a little nicer

README.md, after:

# bundler-performance-benchmark

## Why

Showing numbers means nothing if you can't back it up. This is a joint effort between all bundlers involved to create a fair and unbiased set of benchmarks for build and size performance.

## How to Run

* Clone repo
* run `yarn`
* run `yarn bench`

### TodoMVC

```
┌───────────────────────┬─────────┬─────────────┐
│ bundler               │ time    │ output size │
├───────────────────────┼─────────┼─────────────┤
│ webpack@4.0.0-alpha.1 │ 23.07ms │ 23.12 KiB   │
├───────────────────────┼─────────┼─────────────┤
│ parcel@1.2.1          │ 66.58ms │ 23.56 KiB   │
└───────────────────────┴─────────┴─────────────┘
```

## Adding more projects

1. Create a folder for it, mirroring the general structure of todomvc (src/index.js as the entry, dist as output)
1. Add the folder to the "workspaces" key in the root `package.json`
1. Add the directory name to the "bench" script target in the root `package.json`
1. Each bundler will emit to its own directory inside the project's `dist` folder

## Help Wanted

Need help organizing and setting up multiple real world scenarios for all bundlers to run.

Feel free to checkout existing example or optimize the workflow via PR.
